The Current Setting/Why Now:

Wealth disparity continues to grow and an increasing large portion of the population feels that gambling their way out of the rat race is the only way to make it. Centralized exchanges face major regulatory headwinds and desire for self custody and transparency is growing. 

Perpetual Dexes like GMX and Synthetix are starting to show significant volume and the dex perp space is set to explode. TVL is already over 1b.


The Problem:

Users want to trade/gamble but are afraid to lose money, and unwilling to accept responsibility for their financial conditions. Traditional forms of alpha seeking for unsofisticated retail ranges from scrolling through twitter to copy trade influencers to browsing etherscan/nansen equivalents to find "smart money". It is extremely difficult to surface signals from the noise using etherscan/nansen (all you get are massive lists of transactions and inflow/outflos), and concrete metrics for twitter influencer traders are opaque (hard to calculate a trader's track record, posts are hard to decipher).

The Solution:

Wendigo indexes every market/limit order and liquidation that's ever occured on every major perp dex and maintains a database of every relevant perp dex trader. Users can search for traders by profitability, time frames, trade volume, and even advanced metrics like sharpe/sortino ratios. For the even lazier users, they are presented with curated lists of traders to copy. Upon having selected the traders to copy, and allocating the desired amount of their personal trading portfolio to each trader, Users receive a recommended position to take based the aggregate positions of the full list. No noise, just a definitive buy X amount of Y asset. 

We also plan to include options to copy trade twitter influencers in a more concrete and methodolical manner. By parsing the text/images included with GPT4 to receive concrete entry and exit points, users can copy twitter traders with more speed and reliability. By parsing the entire history a trader's tweets, a user can also view their actual to date performance

This converts the traditional trading experience, to a much more addictive "horse race betting" type experience, except the horses are always running. Losses can be rationalized as the faults of the selected traders, and wins attributed to the user's acumen in selecting traders. User's also experience the unpredictable reward feedback loop, infamously used to engage users in some of the most popular video games. The primary goal is NOT profitability for users, but to utilize gamification elements to maximize addiction. 


Monetization:

A limited analytics suite is free to use for any user on the site, but to access more advanced copy trading and search function, users must pay either a monthly subscription, and trade X amount of volume using a Wengigo referral code. 

Users with demonstrated profitability will be invited to a private discord where other users may pay to partake in as well.


Team:

I have traded crypto successfuly since 2013 and have been an avid gamer my entire life. I am well aquainted with the addictive feelings that Wendigo aims to instill in it's users. I am also a full stack developer and fully capable of building every feature on the site if needed. 